---
layout: post
title:  "Robot playing T-Rex Game"
categories: [Arduino, C++, Manipulation, Signals, Mechatronics, Circuit Design, Data Structures
]
image: assets/images/dinogaur.gif
featured: false
hidden: false
---

Arduino, C++, Manipulation, Signals, Mechatronics, Circuit Design

<br>

<div align="center"><iframe width="452" height="804" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/qMXiTVammms" title="Robot that can play Chrome&#39;s Dinosaur Game" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

<br>

## Overview
This robot plays Chrome's No Internet Dinosaur game by detecting the obstacles using an LDR and accordingly pressing the spacebar to make the dinosaur jump at the right time.

<br>

## Personal Motivation

<br>

## A Beignner's Project with A Key Improvement

While this is a cliche beginner's project, there is one major difference that makes the solution less reactive and more planning based, warranting the use of proper data structures and some parallelism:

1. The LDR is placed at the edge of the screen rather than on it right in front of the dinosaur.

2. This requires a queue to store a countdown of all incoming obstacles. 

3. Further, the system needs to detect obstacles and press the space bar at the same time, which is impossible for a single-threaded Arduino. My solution to this was to make the servo's angle a smooth function of the countdown time of the closest obstacle. This essentially primes the servo to press the button as an obstacle get closer, and keeps it primed depending on how close the next obstacle is.

<br>

## Hardware



<br>

## Conclusion

<br>

### This Post is under construction 🛠️
Over the winter break, I will be adding more information about my personal and professional projects. 
If you are interested, please check back on Janurary 14th, 2024.

In the meanwhile, the post on [**Dexterous Manipulation through Virtual Reality**](https://adityanairs.website/DexterousManipulationThroughVR/) is complete and ready for viewing.

